2940 twig title and controls (#31)
itk-dev/ai-screening: CHANGELOG.md

  OIDC tweaks
- [PR-32](https://github.com/itk-dev/ai-screening/pull/32)
  2938: Use x icon for navbutton when navigation is opened
- [PR-31](https://github.com/itk-dev/ai-screening/pull/31)

>   Create a base filefor the title (with title and "controls")

Author: ```suggestion
  Create a base file for the title (with title and "controls")
```

>   Create a base filefor the title (with title and "controls")

Author: More here?
